Marine corps boot camp was one of the most challenging things I've ever
done in my life I'm not very athletic and later on in life I found
out that hypothyroid which means I didn't develop a lot of upper body
strength and muscle mass when I was growing up. So boot camp was
a real challenge for me because you get a lot of P. T. you ran everywhere
you're constantly being harassed by the drill instructors . You
had a lot to learn, but I'm pretty smart so I learned pretty fast
they try to put a lot of pressure on this but I was older than mostly
kids in boot camp I was in my early twenties most of them are like
eighteen or so so I handle that kind of screaming and yelling better
than they did, didn't make a difference to me what that drill instructor
called me, I kind of thought the profanity was kind of funny.
But boot camp is one part of the military that you're glad you did
and you're glad it's behind you, and glad you don't have to do again.